HGO includes some simple releasable nations to represent areas without a government.
If you want more than 1 type of these tags, use the civil war feature from Toolpack to get an extra nation.
By default, the nations are nonaligned. The other ideologies provide some minor alternatives, with a suggested description of what they mean/should be used for, 
although its really up to you. The ideology and name may not necessarily line up in all cases, so its recommended that you just go by the name.
These tags have cores on Taiwan (specifically, the state containing Taipei). Use toolpack to release them.
 
Anarchy
    Democratic - Rebels - To represent unorganized people rebelling against a government.
    Nonaligned - Anarchy - Inhabited land without a real state
    Fascist - Chaos - A central government might have existed, but cannot maintain order due to widespread rioting etc.
    Communist - Anarchist Communes - No real government, but small communes exist.
    Monarchist - Free Zone - an area that is considered part of a state, but that state has been subjugated by another power, leaving the
                             unoccupied areas (the free zone) in a state of effective anarchy
 
Bandits
    Democratic - Raiders - Alternative name to bandits. No real difference.
    Nonaligned - Bandits - An area that lacks a real government, but various unconnected bandit clans have control of most land
    Fascist - Warlord Cliques - An area ruled by warlords.
    Communist - Pirates - A coastal area that lacks a real government, but various unconnected pirate crews have control of most of the region.
    Monarchist - Bandit Kingdom - An area ruled by one bandit with centralized control. closer to a real nation. alternative name.
 
Tribes
    Democratic - Tribals - alternative name to tribes. no real difference.
    Nonaligned - Tribes - Loose groups of human tribes. Not technologically advanced and with no real nation.
    Fascist - Barbarians - Outwardly aggressive, expansionist tribals. Think Gauls
    Communist - Tribal collective - an area ruled by multiple tribes with semicentralized control. somewhat closer to a real nation.
    Monarchist - Tribal Chiefdom - an area ruled by one tribe with centralized control. closer to a real nation.
 
Wasteland
    Democratic - Inhospitable Land - Land that is not generally deadly to human life, but extremely difficult to live on
    Nonaligned - Wasteland - Land that is generally uninhabitable
    Fascist - Death Zone - Land that is deadly to human life
    Communist - Industrial Wasteland - Ruined cities and industrial zones that are largely uninhabited
    Monarchist - Nuclear Wasteland - Wasteland created by radiation. generally uninhabitable.
 
Nomads
    Democratic - Nomadic Tribes - More primitive type of nomadic tribe, as opposed to the general, nonaligned definition.
    Nonaligned - Nomads - An area without a government. Its population live nomadic lifestyles.
    Fascist - Nomadic Hordes - Outwardly aggressive, expansionist nomads. Think mongols
    Communist - Horselords - nomads that specifically use horses.
    Monarchist - Khanates - Nomadic chiefdoms of the Great Steppe region. The area is inhabited by multiple, independent Khanates.